Request termination plugin update (#5367)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/request-termination/_index.md

      minimum_version: "2.6.x"
      required: false
      default: false

>       description: 'When set, the plugin will echo a copy of the request, the router kong and the kong instance information back to the client. The main usecase for this is debugging. It can be combined with `trigger` in order to debug requests on live systems without disturbing real traffic.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'When set, the plugin will echo a copy of the request, the router information, and the kong instance information back to the client. The main usecase for this is debugging. It can be combined with `trigger` in order to debug requests on live systems without disturbing real traffic.'
```

>       description: 'When set, the plugin will echo a copy of the request, the router information, and the kong instance information back to the client. The main usecase for this is debugging. It can be combined with `trigger` in order to debug requests on live systems without disturbing real traffic.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      description: 'When set, the plugin will echo a copy of the request, the router information, and the kong instance information back to the client. The main use case for this is debugging. It can be combined with `trigger` in order to debug requests on live systems without disturbing real traffic.'
```
